docs: add migration guide for bridge composition api (#1669)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/1.getting-started/3.bridge.md

Learn more in [Introduction](/getting-started/introduction).
::

::alert{type=warning}

> Nuxt Bridge provides identical features of Nuxt 3 ([docs](/docs/usage)) but there are some limitations notably `useAsyncData` and `useFetch` composables are not available. Please read rest of this page for details.

Author: ```suggestion
Nuxt Bridge provides identical features of Nuxt 3 ([docs](/docs/usage)) but there are some limitations, notably that `useAsyncData` and `useFetch` composables are not available. Please read rest of this page for details.
```

> Nuxt Bridge provides identical features of Nuxt 3 ([docs](/docs/usage)) but there are some limitations, notably that `useAsyncData` and `useFetch` composables are not available. Please read the rest of this page for details.

Author: ```suggestion
Nuxt Bridge provides identical features to Nuxt 3 ([docs](/docs/usage)) but there are some limitations, notably that `useAsyncData` and `useFetch` composables are not available. Please read the rest of this page for details.
```

}
```

## Migrate Composition API

> If you was previusly using `@vue/composition-api` or `@nuxtjs/composition-api`, please read [composition api migration guide](/getting-started/bridge-composition-api).

Author: ```suggestion
If you were previusly using `@vue/composition-api` or `@nuxtjs/composition-api`, please read the [composition api migration guide](/getting-started/bridge-composition-api).
```

})
```

## New plugins format (optional)

> You can now migrate to Nuxt 3-style plugins API, which are slightly different in format than Nuxt 2.

Author: ```suggestion
You can now migrate to the Nuxt 3-style plugins API, which is slightly different in format from Nuxt 2.
```

Plugins now take only one argument (`nuxtApp`). You can find out more in [the docs](/docs/directory-structure/plugins).

```js
import { defineNuxtPlugin } from '#app'

export default defineNuxtPlugin(nuxtApp => {
  nuxtApp.provide('injected', () => 'my injected function')
  // now available on `nuxtApp.$injected`
})
```

## New `useMeta` (optional)

> Nuxt Bridge provides an new Nuxt 3 meta API that can be accessed with a new `useMeta` composable.

Author: ```suggestion
Nuxt Bridge provides a new Nuxt 3 meta API that can be accessed with a new `useMeta` composable.
```

```vue
<script setup>
import { useMeta } from '#app'
useMeta({
  title: 'My Nuxt App',
})
</script>
```

> You will also need to enable feature explicitly in your `nuxt.config`:

Author: ```suggestion
You will also need to enable this feature explicitly in your `nuxt.config`:
```

    // Use Vite as the bundler instead of Webpack 4
    // vite: true,

    // Enable Nuxt 3 compatible useMeta

>     // meta: false,

Author: ```suggestion
    // meta: true,
```
